docs: correct references to destinations, workflows in legacy resources and more (#2685)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/workflow.html.markdown

}
```

## Moving from Legacy Alert Policy Channels to Workflows

> More details about the workflows can be found [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/incident-workflows/incident-workflows/).

Reviewer: please apply this comment here as well: https://github.com/newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic/pull/2685/files#r1630750618

> The [`newrelic_alert_policy_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_policy_channel) resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release. For managing alert policy channel resources in Workflows, use [`newrelic_workflow`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/workflow). This [`guide`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/guides/getting_started#add-a-notification-channel) will help you understand how to use the above mentioned new resource.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping alert channels (created using [`newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_destination) and [`newrelic_notification_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_channel)) to policies can be performed using the `newrelic_workflow` resource, which is an alternative to the legacy resource [`newrelic_alert_policy_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_policy_channel) (which consumes alert channels created using the resource [`newrelic_alert_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_channel)), both of which are **deprecated** and will be **removed in a future major release**, as stated in the documentation of both of these resources.

If you're currently using `newrelic_alert_channel` and `newrelic_alert_policy_channel` to manage alert channels linked to policies, we **strongly recommend** migrating to these workflows and notifications-based resources at the earliest. 

Please refer to the examples in this page, or [this example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/guides/getting_started#add-a-notification-channel) for illustrations on setting up channels and workflows with these resources.
```

## Additional Information
More details about the workflows can be found [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/incident-workflows/incident-workflows/).

### Moving from Legacy Alert Policy Channels to Workflows

> As described in the documentation of this resource, mapping alert channels (created using [`newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_destination) and [`newrelic_notification_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_channel)) to policies can be performed using the `newrelic_workflow` resource, which is an alternative to the legacy resource [`newrelic_alert_policy_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_policy_channel) (which consumes alert channels created using the resource [`newrelic_alert_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_channel)), both of which are **deprecated** and will be **removed in a future major release**, as stated in the documentation of both of these resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the documentation of this resource, mapping alert channels (created using [`newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_destination) and [`newrelic_notification_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/notification_channel)) to policies can be performed using the `newrelic_workflow` resource, which is an alternative to the legacy resource [`newrelic_alert_policy_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_policy_channel) (which consumes alert channels created using the legacy resource [`newrelic_alert_channel`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/alert_channel)). 

Both of the legacy resources mentioned above, `newrelic_alert_channel` and `newrelic_alert_policy_channel` are **deprecated** and will be **removed in a future major release**, as stated in the documentation of both of these resources.
```
